docs/src/man/getting_started.md, before:

# Getting started


- [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [1a. Installation using pre-build libraries](#1a-installation-using-pre-build-libraries)
    - [1b. Installation using pre-build libraries](#1b-installation-using-pre-build-libraries)
    - [2. Solving a linear system of equations](#2-solving-a-linear-system-of-equations)
    - [3. Nonlinear example](#3-nonlinear-example)

### 1a. Installation using pre-build libraries 
The easiest way to install the package is: 
```julia
julia> ]
(@v1.6) pkg> add https://github.com/JuliaParallel/PETSc.jl
```
which will install a pre-build PETSc library (`PETSc_jll`) as well as `MPI.jl` on your system. This will work both in serial and in parallel on your machine.

### 1b. Installation using pre-build libraries 
On many high-performance clusters, you will have to use the provided `MPI` installation for that cluster and the default download above will not be sufficient. Alternatively, you may be interested in a PETSc installation that comes with additional external packages. Ensure that this PETSc installation is compiled as a dynamic (and not a static) library, after which you need to set the environmental variable `JULIA_PETSC_LIBRARY` to link to your PETSc installation: 

```
$export JULIA_PETSC_LIBRARY = /path/to/your/petsc/installation:
```

Now rebuild the package:
```julia
julia> ]
pkg> build PETSc
```

### 2. Solving a linear system of equations

Lets consider the following elliptic equation:
```math
\begin{aligned}
{\partial^2 T \over \partial x^2}  = 0, T(0) = 1, T(1) = 11
\end{aligned}
```

```julia
julia> using PETSc
julia> n   =  11
julia> Δx  =  1. / (n - 1)
```

Let's first define the matrix with coefficients:
```julia
julia> nnz =  ones(Int32,n); nnz[2:n-1] .= 3;
julia> A   =  PETSc.MatSeqAIJ{Float64}(n,n,nnz);
julia> for i=2:n-1
            A[i,i-1] =  1/Δx^2
            A[i,i  ] = -2/Δx^2
            A[i,i+1] =  1/Δx^2
       end
       A[1,1]=1; A[n,n]=1;
julia> PETSc.assemble(A)
julia> A
Mat Object: 1 MPI processes
  type: seqaij
row 0: (0, 1.) 
row 1: (0, 100.)  (1, -200.)  (2, 100.) 
row 2: (1, 100.)  (2, -200.)  (3, 100.) 
row 3: (2, 100.)  (3, -200.)  (4, 100.) 
row 4: (3, 100.)  (4, -200.)  (5, 100.) 
row 5: (4, 100.)  (5, -200.)  (6, 100.) 
row 6: (5, 100.)  (6, -200.)  (7, 100.) 
row 7: (6, 100.)  (7, -200.)  (8, 100.) 
row 8: (7, 100.)  (8, -200.)  (9, 100.) 
row 9: (8, 100.)  (9, -200.)  (10, 100.) 
row 10: (10, 1.) 
```
Now, lets define the right-hand-size vector `rhs` as a julia vector:
```julia
julia> rhs = zeros(n); rhs[1]=1; rhs[11]=11;
```

Next, we define the linear solver for the matrix `A`, which is done by setting a `KSP` solver: 
```julia
julia> ksp = PETSc.KSP(A; ksp_rtol=1e-8, pc_type="jacobi", ksp_monitor=true)
```
Note that you can specify all PETSc command-line options as keywords here.

Solving the system of equations is simple:
```julia
julia> sol = ksp\rhs
  0 KSP Residual norm 1.104536101719e+01 
  1 KSP Residual norm 4.939635614091e+00 
  2 KSP Residual norm 2.410295378065e+00 
  3 KSP Residual norm 1.462993806273e+00 
  4 KSP Residual norm 1.004123728835e+00 
  5 KSP Residual norm 7.700861485629e-01 
  6 KSP Residual norm 6.165623662013e-01 
  7 KSP Residual norm 4.972507567923e-01 
  8 KSP Residual norm 4.074986825669e-01 
  9 KSP Residual norm 3.398492183940e-01 
 10 KSP Residual norm 3.283015493450e-15 
11-element Vector{Float64}:
  1.0
  2.000000000000001
  3.0000000000000013
  4.000000000000001
  5.000000000000002
  6.0
  7.0000000000000036
  8.000000000000002
  9.000000000000004
 10.000000000000002
 11.0
```
And since we are using julia, plotting the solution can be done with
```julia
julia> using Plots
julia> plot(0:Δx:1,sol, ylabel="solution",xlabel="x")
```

![linear_solution](../assets/img/linear_KSP_solution.png)



### 3. Nonlinear example
Let's solve the coupled system of nonlinear equations: 
```math
\begin{aligned}
x^2 + x y  &= 3 \\
x y + y^2  &= 6
\end{aligned}
```
for ``x`` and ``y``, which can be written in terms of a residual vector ``f``:
```math
f = \binom{ x^2 + x y  - 3} {x y + y^2  - 6}
```

In order to solve this, we need to provide a residual function that computes ``f``:
```julia
julia> function F!(fx, x)
         fx[1] = x[1]^2 + x[1]*x[2] - 3
         fx[2] = x[1]*x[2] + x[2]^2 - 6
       end
```

In addition, we need to provide the Jacobian:
```math
J = 
\begin{pmatrix}
\frac{\partial f_1}{ \partial x} & \frac{\partial f_1}{ \partial y}  \\
\frac{\partial f_2}{ \partial x} & \frac{\partial f_2}{ \partial y}  \\
\end{pmatrix}
= 
\begin{pmatrix}
2x + y & x  \\
y & x + 2y  \\
\end{pmatrix}
```
In Julia, this is:
```julia
julia> function updateJ!(x, args...)
            J[1,1] = 2x[1] + x[2]
            J[1,2] = x[1]
            J[2,1] = x[2]
            J[2,2] = x[1] + 2x[2]
        end
```
In order to solve this using the PETSc nonlinear equation solvers, you first define the `SNES` solver together with the jacobian and residual functions as 
```julia
julia> using PETSc, MPI
julia> S = PETSc.SNES{Float64}(MPI.COMM_SELF; ksp_rtol=1e-4, pc_type="none")
julia> PETSc.setfunction!(S, F!, PETSc.VecSeq(zeros(2)))
julia> J = zeros(2,2)
julia> PJ = PETSc.MatSeqDense(J)
julia> PETSc.setjacobian!(S, updateJ!, PJ, PJ)
```

You can solve this as:
```julia
julia> PETSc.solve!([2.0,3.0], S)
2-element Vector{Float64}:
 1.000000003259629
 1.999999998137355
```
which indeed recovers the analytical solution ``(x=1, y=2)``.

Commit message:

Docs: fix typo: "pre-build" --> "pre-built"

docs/src/man/getting_started.md, after:

# Getting started


- [Getting started](#getting-started)
    - [1a. Installation using pre-built libraries](#1a-installation-using-pre-built-libraries)
    - [1b. Installation using pre-built libraries](#1b-installation-using-pre-built-libraries)
    - [2. Solving a linear system of equations](#2-solving-a-linear-system-of-equations)
    - [3. Nonlinear example](#3-nonlinear-example)

### 1a. Installation using pre-built libraries 
The easiest way to install the package is: 
```julia
julia> ]
(@v1.6) pkg> add https://github.com/JuliaParallel/PETSc.jl
```
which will install a pre-built PETSc library (`PETSc_jll`) as well as `MPI.jl` on your system. This will work both in serial and in parallel on your machine.

### 1b. Installation using pre-built libraries 
On many high-performance clusters, you will have to use the provided `MPI` installation for that cluster and the default download above will not be sufficient. Alternatively, you may be interested in a PETSc installation that comes with additional external packages. Ensure that this PETSc installation is compiled as a dynamic (and not a static) library, after which you need to set the environmental variable `JULIA_PETSC_LIBRARY` to link to your PETSc installation: 

```
$export JULIA_PETSC_LIBRARY = /path/to/your/petsc/installation:
```

Now rebuild the package:
```julia
julia> ]
pkg> build PETSc
```

### 2. Solving a linear system of equations

Lets consider the following elliptic equation:
```math
\begin{aligned}
{\partial^2 T \over \partial x^2}  = 0, T(0) = 1, T(1) = 11
\end{aligned}
```

```julia
julia> using PETSc
julia> n   =  11
julia> Δx  =  1. / (n - 1)
```

Let's first define the matrix with coefficients:
```julia
julia> nnz =  ones(Int32,n); nnz[2:n-1] .= 3;
julia> A   =  PETSc.MatSeqAIJ{Float64}(n,n,nnz);
julia> for i=2:n-1
            A[i,i-1] =  1/Δx^2
            A[i,i  ] = -2/Δx^2
            A[i,i+1] =  1/Δx^2
       end
       A[1,1]=1; A[n,n]=1;
julia> PETSc.assemble(A)
julia> A
Mat Object: 1 MPI processes
  type: seqaij
row 0: (0, 1.) 
row 1: (0, 100.)  (1, -200.)  (2, 100.) 
row 2: (1, 100.)  (2, -200.)  (3, 100.) 
row 3: (2, 100.)  (3, -200.)  (4, 100.) 
row 4: (3, 100.)  (4, -200.)  (5, 100.) 
row 5: (4, 100.)  (5, -200.)  (6, 100.) 
row 6: (5, 100.)  (6, -200.)  (7, 100.) 
row 7: (6, 100.)  (7, -200.)  (8, 100.) 
row 8: (7, 100.)  (8, -200.)  (9, 100.) 
row 9: (8, 100.)  (9, -200.)  (10, 100.) 
row 10: (10, 1.) 
```
Now, lets define the right-hand-size vector `rhs` as a julia vector:
```julia
julia> rhs = zeros(n); rhs[1]=1; rhs[11]=11;
```

Next, we define the linear solver for the matrix `A`, which is done by setting a `KSP` solver: 
```julia
julia> ksp = PETSc.KSP(A; ksp_rtol=1e-8, pc_type="jacobi", ksp_monitor=true)
```
Note that you can specify all PETSc command-line options as keywords here.

Solving the system of equations is simple:
```julia
julia> sol = ksp\rhs
  0 KSP Residual norm 1.104536101719e+01 
  1 KSP Residual norm 4.939635614091e+00 
  2 KSP Residual norm 2.410295378065e+00 
  3 KSP Residual norm 1.462993806273e+00 
  4 KSP Residual norm 1.004123728835e+00 
  5 KSP Residual norm 7.700861485629e-01 
  6 KSP Residual norm 6.165623662013e-01 
  7 KSP Residual norm 4.972507567923e-01 
  8 KSP Residual norm 4.074986825669e-01 
  9 KSP Residual norm 3.398492183940e-01 
 10 KSP Residual norm 3.283015493450e-15 
11-element Vector{Float64}:
  1.0
  2.000000000000001
  3.0000000000000013
  4.000000000000001
  5.000000000000002
  6.0
  7.0000000000000036
  8.000000000000002
  9.000000000000004
 10.000000000000002
 11.0
```
And since we are using julia, plotting the solution can be done with
```julia
julia> using Plots
julia> plot(0:Δx:1,sol, ylabel="solution",xlabel="x")
```

![linear_solution](../assets/img/linear_KSP_solution.png)



### 3. Nonlinear example
Let's solve the coupled system of nonlinear equations: 
```math
\begin{aligned}
x^2 + x y  &= 3 \\
x y + y^2  &= 6
\end{aligned}
```
for ``x`` and ``y``, which can be written in terms of a residual vector ``f``:
```math
f = \binom{ x^2 + x y  - 3} {x y + y^2  - 6}
```

In order to solve this, we need to provide a residual function that computes ``f``:
```julia
julia> function F!(fx, x)
         fx[1] = x[1]^2 + x[1]*x[2] - 3
         fx[2] = x[1]*x[2] + x[2]^2 - 6
       end
```

In addition, we need to provide the Jacobian:
```math
J = 
\begin{pmatrix}
\frac{\partial f_1}{ \partial x} & \frac{\partial f_1}{ \partial y}  \\
\frac{\partial f_2}{ \partial x} & \frac{\partial f_2}{ \partial y}  \\
\end{pmatrix}
= 
\begin{pmatrix}
2x + y & x  \\
y & x + 2y  \\
\end{pmatrix}
```
In Julia, this is:
```julia
julia> function updateJ!(x, args...)
            J[1,1] = 2x[1] + x[2]
            J[1,2] = x[1]
            J[2,1] = x[2]
            J[2,2] = x[1] + 2x[2]
        end
```
In order to solve this using the PETSc nonlinear equation solvers, you first define the `SNES` solver together with the jacobian and residual functions as 
```julia
julia> using PETSc, MPI
julia> S = PETSc.SNES{Float64}(MPI.COMM_SELF; ksp_rtol=1e-4, pc_type="none")
julia> PETSc.setfunction!(S, F!, PETSc.VecSeq(zeros(2)))
julia> J = zeros(2,2)
julia> PJ = PETSc.MatSeqDense(J)
julia> PETSc.setjacobian!(S, updateJ!, PJ, PJ)
```

You can solve this as:
```julia
julia> PETSc.solve!([2.0,3.0], S)
2-element Vector{Float64}:
 1.000000003259629
 1.999999998137355
```
which indeed recovers the analytical solution ``(x=1, y=2)``.
